Add supernode explainer (#20561)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: docs/public-docs/op-stack/reference/glossary.mdx

The network of OP Stack chains connected by native interoperability. Not yet live. Chains that are part of the OP Stack ecosystem share security and a common development stack (the OP Stack). The interop cluster specifically refers to the subset of chains connected by the OP Stack interoperability layer.

### Dependency set

The set of chains that a given chain accepts initiating messages from. A chain's local block cannot become safe until every initiating message it depends on has also been derived from L1. The *transitive* dependency set extends this to the dependencies of those chains, and so on. The [OP Stack interop cluster](#op-stack-interop-cluster) is configured as a fully-connected dependency set: every chain in the set has every other chain in its dependency set.

### Supernode

> A process that runs every chain in a [dependency set](#dependency-set) together as in-memory [virtual nodes](#virtual-node) inside one binary. The supernode shares the L1 client, L1 beacon client, JSON-RPC surface, and metrics across chains, and verifies that every cross-chain message a chain depends on has been reproduced from L1 before promoting blocks past unsafe. Often referred to as `op-supernode` after the binary name. See the [supernode explainer](/op-stack/interop/supernode) for the architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A component that runs the consensus layer of every chain in a [dependency set](#dependency-set) together as in-memory [virtual nodes](#virtual-node) inside one binary. The supernode shares the L1 client, L1 beacon client, JSON-RPC surface, and metrics across chains, and verifies that every cross-chain message a chain depends on has been reproduced from L1 before promoting blocks to "safe". It connects to an execution client for each chain using the engine API. Often referred to as `op-supernode` after the binary name. See the [supernode explainer](/op-stack/interop/supernode) for the architecture.
```

Reviewer: Nit: I prefer "component' or "service" to "process" in this context. I'm not sure why.

### Chain container

The [supernode](#supernode)'s wrapper around a single chain. A chain container hosts one [virtual node](#virtual-node), drives that chain's execution engine via an engine controller, and exposes a stable interface the rest of the supernode uses to derive blocks, fetch receipts, and answer output-root queries.

### Virtual node

A consensus-layer node hosted in-process inside a [supernode](#supernode), rather than as a separate operating-system process. Today the only virtual node implementation is op-node itself, hosted as a library.

### Super root

A commitment over verified L2 blocks across a [dependency set](#dependency-set) at a given timestamp. Produced by the supernode's `superroot_atTimestamp` RPC and consumed by the fault proof system as the input it needs to generate an interop-aware proof.

> ### Light CL

Reviewer: Is it worth linking to https://docs.optimism.io/notices/specialized-node-topology?

Author: I think long term we'll want to move that topology page from a notice page into a more permanent page but I think for now linking to the notice is a good idea
